While this 'political' talk is part of the first release of the Flowstamp
program, and while I will be happy to find it in possible derivatives as well,
there is no obligation on the user who wishes to derive a program from my
idea, to include any of this in his derivative work.

Please read at the top of flowstamp_HR_U.txt if you want to reply to my
thought here. I will only repeat the last requirement:

Don't mix these issues with the technical issues of the Flowstamp program in
any major way, please! Thank you!

#======================================================================#

This is part two if you want a more complete take after flowstamp_HR_U.txt

Take this to heart. Don't, pls. _don't_ try to contact me via no freaking
Facebook (I may yet decide whether to use Twitter and in what way --and I hear
my Stasibook, pardon me: Facebook account has been closed in the meantime).
Dung onto Mark's face as well (pls. see below who else dung could be good
for), who spies for the NSA and whoever pays (and the governments do that the
best anywhere, don't they? with all the taxpayers' money, esp. those with
criminals in power like the regime currently in power here). And Zucky is now
crying foul of the NSA? He? Dung all over on your face, Mark!

And I'm telling you more here, in case such as my NGO were to be terminated by
the regime, which I hope won't happen, but I have to admit that I never
expected either that Schmoog would terminate my Youtube acoount with all of
its over five hundred (500) videos, on absolutely spurious charges.

What Schmoog did to me is akin to, let me draw a comparison to you, is akin to
fifteen people having been accused (not having been found guilty, but only
having been suspected of being guilty), accused of some misdeed, who lived in
fifteen randomly located appartments in an apartment block of some five
hundred apartments in which altogether around five hundred families/singles
live, and some local power evicting all the five hundred and that many
families including all the singles and others out of that block of those five
hundred apartments!

It is akin to that! And akin to the local power then, on top of the wholesale
eviction, moving on and demolishing the entire building (such as, say, if you
remember, pull it out of the black hole recesses of your memory, some of the
buildings of the 9/11 Zero ground were demolished)! That wholesale eviction of
everybody and demolition of all of it is what Schmoog did to me!

Namely that (maybe 15 to 500) is the approximate proportion of any videos that
could be questioned and only distantly, for copyright, if even those could at
all, among all the videos I had on my channel:

http://www.youtube.com/user/miroR2

They could pin any "might be infringing some copyright" on, I repeat _might_
only, undeterminedly so, on just a dozen or so videos, and for the huge
majority of my videos that were on my Youtube channel none such claim could be
pinned on. And yet they demolished the entire building of my Youtube account
housing more than five hundred topics that had talks and influence mostly in
Croatian society (but also, to lesser extent, abroad). They bore influence so
much that really reknowned (in Croatia) people contacted me and wanted to work
with me, and thanked me for my work which I posted to be available on Youtube
without any material profit for me.

In truth their ruining of my work and my all kinds of video stories for
(mostly but not only) my people, is more like some intellectual mass
imprisonment of an entire district in a city and not just a building.

How many single users and how often do they get more than six hundred thousand
(600,000) views, which I remember reaching, and passing well over by 2014, and
it's not all the views that happened, but just those which Schmoog's Youtube
who give utter leeway to corrupt goverments like mine, and their shadowy
services, probably if they pay, and it's not all the views, but just those
admitted to be shown to be becoming very much visited, since many videos of
mine, critical of the regime, were kept forever shown as if little viewed,
even when I was constantly meeting people who saw them.

For you kind readers who read this much later, remember that I reached those
600,000 views probably by the end of 2013, so some almost two years before the
current (second half 2015) tech and the current generally more advanced state
of affairs.

Schmoog, you're like some kind of an intellectual ethnic cleanser! Yes, ethnic
in this case, because it is the true Croatian ideas, historical Croatian
identity and territories, that the regime, the treacherous regime in power in
my country, is cleansing, and the Schmoog doing for the paying customer, via
ruining all of my work posted on Youtube that was very much about Croatia.

Kind reader, share this information with everybody, let everybody know what
Schmoog does to people on Youtube, and let everybody collect some dung and
cover all the Google's faces starting from Eric, Larry and Sergey. Dung all
over their faces!

(Apropos, what I am offering these guys here is salutary! Did you ever get a
hard look at those faces, and Zucky's mentioned above? They emit a deceitful
but in truth empty lustre, and an unreal joy which is one hundred percent
unstable and truly fake. Why? Because their real care is only to grow moneys
in their hearts. And it's not a good thing. For no one, and them firstly!
Pollutes the whole being. And the cure? Imbibe the fake-lustre faces with
healthy mundane dung to penetrate into their persons and maybe somehow cure...
And maybe, only maybe somehow, hopefully, cure their hearts. No guarranties,
but the current state of those poor hearts choked with moneys and with power
deceitful in this time fleeting is otherwise hopeless. So...)

And quit schmoogling and start ducking, id est using the DuckDuckGo.com search
engine which does not track you, unlike Google the Surveillance Engine of the
world and the top NSA collaborator who do track you and spy on you and
sometimes even break into you computers. Lier bully Google! Now faking honesty
and "slashing out" at their in reality best customer the NSA!

I wish I could leave it there now, but more is to be said to complete the
previous page.

My heroes appear to have fought in vain. I was ill, and didn't join the
defenders, in the early 1990s when Croatia was reborn from the ashes, through
victories that cost the lives and blood of many of Her sons, but while we
relished in freedom from foreign rule, because Yugoslavia was ruled by mostly
the Serbian occupiers and the traitors from among the others of its nations,
and the rule was for the most of the times merciless as in any other of the
Communist countries, and while we relished the dearly gained freedom, it seems
that our traitors who worked against the soul of their own nation were,
looking back now from the sore and hurting vantage point of this day, they
were among the most astute and far-seeing in those changing times.

Yes, because they prepared very very well for the time that was yet to come.
The banks are now owned by secret owners operating from abroad but analysts
link them to the former Yugoslav "elites" and their progenie, i.e. Croatian
traitors and Serbian occupiers of my country, and similarly such individuals
own almost all that is left of any worth in the country, and the country has
impoverished direly, to give you just a summary view on today's Croatia.

They prepared so well! And behind the back of us all. While we still relished
in the freedom and the country appeared to be ruled by Croats and not either
the traitors or the foreigners, they slowly rose, took the nation by a media
brainwash, and we believed them, not all of us, but sufficient numbers among
the population, for them to gain power in the elections of the year 2000, and
slowly and so unswervingly we slid back into a bleached non-truly-independent
state that in some aspect is even worse now in comparison with what we
liberated ourselves from, because it's a shame to forget your own history and
your best sons and your martyrs, and the harmony we had among the religious
divide among us (the Catholic-Muslim national schism which was overcome for
the hardest of XX century's years, the 1940s, only), and to go back to self
denial of this day of Croatia.

Namely, in this day, while we have various minorities, and none of them are
oppressed, in the incomplete Croatian historical territory the Republic of
Croatia comprises, while another part of the Croatian historical territory the
Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina (nominally) comprises, vast regions of that
historical Croatian territory are now not controled by either of the
historical Croatian now divided ethnic identity two states (although nominally
belong to Bosnia and Herzegovina), but are cleansed from almost any memory,
let alone allowing return to the pre-1990s-war inhabitants, and are under
pretty much a fascistic rule by the Serbs, and Serbs solely.

In this day and age, in that Serbian occupied Croatian territory no Croatian
(Catholic or Muslim) is allowed to subsist if they return, exceptions very
rare. I am talking about the Republic of Srpska, the state within the state of
Bosnia and Herzegovina, where before 1990s two thirds of the inhabitants were
Croatian Catholics and Muslims, and now they comprise just a few percentage of
the entire population of that state created on ethnic cleansing. Namely it's
the state where the Srebrenica and other genocidal crimes took place, horrible
killing sprees, esp. Srebrenica which lasted weeks on end, by the Serb forces
in 1995, and other atrocities.

And in this day and age, the government of this rump Croatia, the government
of the proclaimed Titoist Zoran MilanoviÄ‡, which has some twenty Ministers in
it, is, by that Yugoslav nostalgic own ruling over the nation to which he
should belong to, but none of us really feels him as one of our own, that
government comprises, regardless of all the crimes by the Serbs in all of the
XX century, and regardless of all the horrendous war crimes against Croats (be
it in this rump Catholics-mostly republic only, or in Bosnia and Herzegovina)
by the Serbs in the 1990s war, this own people's traitor's government is
comprised in almost half, up to some even eight to ten Ministers, of Serbs,
and in the other half, of (mostly tepid or worse) Croats.

It's like the Red Beast of the former Communism that we for a few years
thought we got rid of, went first hidden under open liberalism of the worst
kind, the croniest of all crony capitalism types of today, but when that Beast
felt confident with power and might, raised the persecution (it is
persecution, covert and hidden by manipulating media, and subdued under formal
democratic appearances, but it is persecution) of any non-Serbophiliac or
non-Yugoslav-nostalgic forces and/or individuals, and raised the persecution
against true love of the true nation in Croatian territories, the Croatian
Nation, to higher and more dangerous degree.

And while the movement that was the strongest root of Croatian independence,
and which can be compared with, say, Israeli nationalism, but without the
killing of the innocent...

And while the Croatian root independence movement of the XX century can be
compared with nationalisms of many a country, such as Israel's, but without
the killing of innocent politicians like U.N. Envoy Count Folke Bernadotte, in
Jerusalem in 1948, and without bombing hotels just like jihadists of our time
do, but which also Israelis did, Menahem Begin et alia, Begin the Israeli who
would later become Israeli Premier, so the Croatian root independence movement
of the XX century was similar but much more moderate then how the Jews behaved
in their early terrorist days, as we had only arranged for the killing of a
guilty king of Yugoslavia, not an innocent Peace Envoy, in Paris in 1934. The
king Alexander KaraÄ‘orÄ‘eviÄ‡ of Yugoslavia.

And while the Ustasha movement, led by Ante PaveliÄ‡ and other brave men in
exile, whose members had the guts to organize the killing of the real culprit,
the king Alexander of Yugoslavia, in Marseilles in 1934, at the height of the
Serbian terror, while the Ustasha movement is daemonized in the rump Croatia
of today, those who regard Croatia as fair gain and open season for plunder
and abuse, those who throughout history have proven to be the most merciless
killers of my nation's sons and daughters...

(No I'm not talking of simply Serbs, there have been and there are Serbs who I
will always honor and respect, and who I have no difficulty whatsoever having
as neighbors nor living among my people, no I'm not talking of simply Serbs.)

And while the Ustasha movement, with its shiny merits, although also with some
true faults during the somewhat puppet and rump Croatian state under Hitler's
Germany (it didn't comprise many southern territories that Italy annexed, and
Ante PaveliÄ‡ certainly wasn't a really independent actor on the world stage),
and while the Ustasha movement is daemonized like no nation in the world would
do to their fighters for independence, the Chetniks, those who are never sated
of land grabs on our territories and who never really admit, let alone repair,
for their crimes and murder of Croats, and they have been the most murderous
of Croats in the recent centuries, the Chetniks, in the person of their very
Duke, the current President of the Republic of Serbia, they were received with
the highest honors and most warmly by...

(just wait and pause for breath)

...the Chetniks, in the person of the very Duke of the Chetniks Tomislav
NikoliÄ‡, the current President of the Republic of Serbia, were received with
the highest honors and most warmly, in Zagreb, the capital of Croatia, by the
then President of the Republic of Croatia, Dr Ivo JosipoviÄ‡.

If you were to listen to the speeches of that president who reddened Croatia
with shame (in Eastern Europe the red is the color associated with Communism,
and he promised to redden Croatia in his electoral campaign), and if you were
to listen to his talking about anti-fascism and revoking the years of the
Partisans and the war against the Germans, who are now, globally in the
mainstream media of this day, and not only Croatian media, and till Doomsday
probably, but will not be when the Books will open, [who are] the sole
culprits for the World War II, and whoever for whichever reason sided with
them is declared, exceptions rare, the evil side and whoever fought them,
exceptions rare, the good side.

And if fact the WWII was a huge, human race-wide moral disaster rooted in the
Evil itself and with much more complex distribution of blame.

But if you had been to listen to the speeches of that, at the turn of the past
year to this year finally deposed, traitor President of Croatia, whose father
fought and ranked high in a Partisan Division that killed and burned, the
outstanding among their victims being gentle non-arms-bearing Friars in Å iroki
Brieg in Hercegovina, a historical Croatian territory now part of the Republic
of Bosnia and Hercegovina, just as the Catholic Priests were generally most
preferred targets among the population for the Partisans' killings (and into
their ranks the Chetniks very much transitioned towards the end of the WWII).

And JosipoviÄ‡'s father also mercilessly persecuted the students and the honest
Communists after the students' protests for freedom in 1970/71 were brutally
crashed by Tito's police, with the army ready to intervene to end the years of
attempted revival in Croatia which we call the Croatian Spring and which was
then ended by cruel repression in the year 1971.

But had you been there to listen to the speeches of JosipoviÄ‡ when President,
JosipoviÄ‡ a man who, when he was President, was entirely dedicated to building
his own image in public and to improving of what people think of him, and who
was addicted to phantomatically getting good ratings of approval among the
population, always spilling chamomile and sweet honey as he spoke, wearing the
finest sheep's wool of appearances, covering faultlessly his bloodthirstiness,
never angry, always sedate, had you been there to listen to his speeches, you
wouldn't miss much. They're hollowy, they're empty baseless historical lies
such as is the resurgent covert support for Stalinism in the USSR, to give you
the right comparison.

He is similar to MilanoviÄ‡, the President of the Goverment, also called
(erroneously, but often consistently in the media) the Premier of Croatia.

These guys were away or very silent when the war raged in the 1990s costing
the lives of many sons and daughters of Croatia. And so were the majority of
their presidential advisers and the Cabinet Ministers. Away they were, or even
among the enemy, fighting against the nascent Croatia.

You would laugh at them, so silly they often are, so easy to see through their
lies and pretences.

But they are a dangerous cliquÃ©.

They already cost me my friends who I can't help, and many I can't even know
how they are, or whether they are still alive. And they might cost me
suffering and worse, just like they cost me already impoverishment and some of
my freedom, not jail, not yet, but jail hung over my head for two years.

We were all frightened we would lose our friend Marko FranciÅ¡koviÄ‡, for his
mere talking on Facebook to probably the dearest and the closest of
MilanoviÄ‡'s men, the Minister of the Interior Ranko OstojiÄ‡, and I tried to
spread the word about Marko's plight, because he was, completely healthy,
thrown to jail as if he were a lunatic "dangerous for the environment", while
the truely abusive language, in the Facebook conversation, came out of the
Minister's mind and shameful degrading language was written on the page of the
conversation by the Minister. Needless to say, the Facebook conversation never
in the least featured in the court proceedings against Marko, they rigged some
other reasons to convict him, and to falsely diagnose him psycotic, and keep
him for months in prison psychiatric ward, forcing psychotic drugs on him.

There was enough outrage to reach into a few not big as mainstream, but as
loud as they manage, truthful opposition media, papers and TVs, and there, the
outrage reached through to the European centers of power, and not all is black
there either, and the medical profession in Croatia was also alarmed, and
Marko FranciÅ¡kiviÄ‡ reassessed to be phycologically healthy and was freed.

For my writing while Marko was jailed, on www.CroatiaFidelis.hr, and for other
reasons, but that seems to have been the trigger, I got all of my Youtube
account terminated, as I explained above. Only powerful subjects, or money,
can do that, as I also said previously in this article.

And we didn't lose Marko.

But we seem to maybe have lost the honest and knowledgeable, a man of truely
great passion for the Homeland, Dr Tomislav Dragun.

We had organized a protest in front of the house of a known Partisan Communist
criminal Stjepan HrÅ¡ak in the well off part of Zagreb. Among the few dozen of
Croatian activists there were also people like Croatian generals Å½eljko
GlasnoviÄ‡ and Ljubo Ä†esiÄ‡ Rojs. already retired for years by then, as the
bloodthirsty progenie rose and took over years earlier, and patriotic generals
were made to retire. Croatian activists came even from Germany and Herzegovina
(Herzegovina and Zagreb are in distant parts of the divided but historical
Croatia) to attend.

The criminal, who died a few years later (it's 2015, and the protest was in
2008), Stjepan HrÅ¡ak, watched us from behind the curtains. We spoke, all in
peace and dignity.

He is one of those Reds, with the red star on his Partisan cap, who were
indefatiguable at killing my people, the people who he himself came from and
turned against, native from Croatian Zagorje, the region of Croatia on the
north of Zagreb, where Tito, the slaughterer of Croats, was from too.

Under Stjepan HrÅ¡ak's command most gruesome killings of a huge portion of the
soldiers they captured was done. And often of women and children refugees.
Some 14,000 were killed by his orders. Very predominantly Croatian soldiers,
but also Germans and others too. The Macelj forest near Krapina is the scene.
The war is over, all the Axis armies capitulated, Berlin fell long weeks ago.
The killings went on throughout the summer and into the autumn.

The public TV filmed us and some other major mainstream TVs. I was personally
in the evening news.

We shook their world a little. But we never penetrated deep at all. Many of my
people does not understand that victims must not be forgotten, and that so
many victims, that was just one of so many places in Croatia, and Slovenia
(because the entire Croatia fled when the Independent State of Croatia
collapsed and the Partisans were "liberating" villages and cities)... That was
just one of so many places where crimes by the Partisan killers went on. There
are huge caves all filled with bones of soldiers, like Jazovka, like Huda
Jama.

But we didn't reach deep into consciences. Is the huge loss of life by the
worst mass killers of all times Stalin, really remembered in, say, Ukraine?
How well is it remembered? And it was millions and millions of people died
from regime induced hunger. No, it is not sufficiently well remembered.
Individuals with true love for their nation are sparsed in a nation, to keep
the truth about their ancestors alive, but such huge number in a population is
of those who don't care and who see just the years around them, and care just
for their own shallow interests, and therein among such undignified branches
of a people is where traitors arise, traitors who then work against the truth.
Traitors like JosipoviÄ‡ and like MilanoviÄ‡ and so many others.

But we don't forget our victims. Dr Tomislav Dragun, our generals, other
Croatian activists, we don't forget.

But like in other totalitarian dictatorships, this current Croatian regime
being one... Notwithstanding that it may even not be a complete dictatorship,
becasue while the power of the traitors is huge, they still do not rule over
all of the walks of life.

But totalitarianism it is, the finest sheep's wool of appearances and the
whitewash of democracy in their faÃ§ades and behaviors, laws and speeches, does
not change their rule's totalitarian nature.

But like in totalitarianisms, what they do is: they censor us.

Beside living in mostly nearly completely surveilled societies globally (and
surely you do understand that, generally, censorship is not possible without
surveillance first, and surveillance always leads to censorship of some kind),
here in Croatia they censor us in totalitarian ways.

It is documented, and expert can see well enough how my SOHO was broken into,
it can be found on Gentoo Forums, some five years ago maybe or longer ago,
and on Grsecurity Forums, some two years ago (search for Miroslav Rovis). No
it's not easy to weigh all the facts, but it is provable that I was attacked
in my electronic possessions, my home network, my operationg systems, my
computers.

As the years go on, though, the censorship has gone really cranky and
bewildering in Croatia. A few years ago I could try and reach with more
probability than not almost anywhere in the world. Say at least two out of
three times they would let me write and read emails from almost anybody.

And Dr Tomislav Dragun was able to send his newsletters freely more often than
not. To even tens of thousands of email addresses.

But not anymore. Slowly, slowly their censorship increased in blocking more
and more of our communications.

I haven't read from Dr Dragun for at least two years now. But it's hard to
tell why I haven't been able to. It's true, this Flowstamp program, and
believe me I'd never think I would write a computer program myself, drained
enormous amount of my time. It's caused me to retreat in almost utter
seclusion that I hope to finally bring to an end by releasing this program at
one long last.  But it's many a week's days on end, and into the next week, in
many months, and it's a chunk of my life actually, gone into it...

And the last time I was able to send emails to a number of people, and it
never reached much over one thousand (1,000) addresses, was I believe maybe
almost two years ago.

I remember sending my email among other recepients, to Ivo JosipoviÄ‡'s address
as well.

And that was the end for my freedom of email communication. I'll elaborate.

I remember so well how I started sending one of my last email cicrular
letters, and how, while I was sending it the connection, in ways that I never
had seen before, started trickling, truly trickling over onto the internet,
not streaming as usually, but really trickling instead, just as if someone,
some team (one of those teams in secret rooms at many an internet provider's
where only secret service agents and very reliable and obedient boss's own
people have access), and I remember connection started trickling out onto the
internet, like never before, just as if someone, or some team of likely a
small number of people, was watching it on their fabulously expensive tracking
and surveilling and whatnot programs that some little known to general
population agencies peddle to governments and regimes and whoever pays, and
they maybe were going: oh no, he can't write like that about the president, or
were thinking and speaking some such...

And I was basically without much further talk, and absolutely without any
proofs, declared to be a spammer, connection cut off completely for a while.
Iskon Internet (that was the provider), thank you! May you get you recompense
for how you treated me, and went on treating me for a while afterwards! The
Books have it all! Nothing is to remain concealed!

But let me return to tell you about Dr Tomislav Dragun. I have finally
recently found out, that he too is confined in a prison psychiatric ward, and
is really unwell because of their treatment.

I am kind of sidetracked to do much yet. Because apart from not using email
often, I also now study to learn to safely communicate on the internet, and
that is taking and will take more time, as it already has, and I'm not nearing
an end to it. And no, I don't mean learning any GUI programs, but
understanding to really read what has happened to and from the internet and my
computer when I connect to somewhere and when I communicate with someone, I am
talking Darknet and Tor and underneath, and the peer to peer networks, and
underneath, and GnuPG, Mutt, traffic capturing (and Wireshark) and stuff
around these.

But I can tell you that Dr Tomislav Dragun, just like Marko FranciÅ¡koviÄ‡, and
like me, was sentenced to jail in a rigged court, completely groundlessly so,
and the probability is great that he would have fared very poorly had he
stayed in the country to face his jail time. Being an old man of over seventy,
and knowing their mercilessness, the outcome could have been fatal for him
very easily already then!

So he left the country, to evade jail and likely torturous conditions, in
2009. Like so many Croats had fled for their lives in 1945 before the
slaughterers could reach them. He had spent a few years in Slovenia, seeking
asylum. Alas, Slovenia is in the grip of a similar 'anti-fascist' neocommunist
cliquÃ©, little human rights, and little truth there either...

I have recently learned that he was extradited to Croatia maybe around 2011. I
wish someone could contant him and help him...

So, dear user of my Flowstamp program, to which I attach this file and whether
my program were to be used and developed under this Flowstamp name and me as
the principal maintainer, or whether my Flowstamp program would survive in
derivarive works, pls. keep this as memento (regardless that, however, you are
not under any legal obligation to do so, the license only, basically, requires
the copyright notice to remain).

They may even decide and take away the domain of my NGO Croatia Fidelis,
www.CroatiaFidelis.hr on some spurious grounds. But they can't take my name
from me. My name is Miroslav Rovis, and that name should remain findable.

Should I not appear in these somewhat technical circles that I attend to in
these months and years till I learn enough to secure above all my Gentoo box
(Gentoo GNU/Linux is by far the most promising in attaining a secure system),
should I not reply to messages on Github, or appear on Gentoo Forums, and some
of the FFmpeg, MPlayer, ImageMagick, mailing lists/forums, and especially on
Grsecurity Forums, my dearest program in all of GNU/Linux (it's a patch, but
this read is for non-Linuxers as well; you try and explain to them what patch
means), and/or on (Debian/Devuan?) Forums, should I not appear in a few months
on any of those, pls. raise alarm, something has then probably happened to me.

And also don't forget the names of great men of Croatia Marko FranciÅ¡koviÄ‡ and
Tomislav Dragun (if any of the Croats worldwide is reading this, can anybody
somehow help dr Dragun?). There are many other names that bring glory to
Croatia, there are so many more stories waiting to be told of Croatia, but no
more space to write in this article. But I hope to tell stories in videos
about Croatia. Now that I can really protect my works with Flowstamp.

Here are my contacts again:

Miroslav Rovis
Vankina 4
10020 Zagreb
Croatia
+385(0)16602633
+385(0)912660202
miro.rovis@croatiafidelis.hr

WARNING: I don't use the email often. The phones are most of the time first
looked into who the caller is, by the secret services, and then often, without
any logic other then the subdued bloodthirstiness, often simply left for the
caller's ear to ring as if connected, while, no signal whatsoever is left
through to me. I am openly studying ways of the internet defences to be able
to one day be reachable and reaching on the internet, but that is taking long
time, longer than this program. I'm not extraordinarily talented.

Possible SOLUTION: use these FOSS-based services, like Github, or forums where
I mostly do have freedom to talk, if things don't change, such as Gentoo
Forums, or FFmpeg mailing list, where I intend to open a topic dedicated to
this Flowstamp program of mine, for public issues you might have with this
program, and try and send a private message on Gentoo Forums if you can not
reach me via some of the emails above after you waited for my reply for a few
weeks (but be aware it can take me even longer).

To this flowstamp_HR_U_2.txt file there is also part one, the
flowstamp_HR_U.txt.
